# Class-Hierarchy-I-O:
Consists of four classes: Name, Person, Student, & University classes & universityAndStudents main program. Name class sets up bounds for a persons name with constructors, get, equals, toString, and compareTo methods. Person class sets up bounds for a person who has a name with constructors, set, get, toString, compareTo, equals, and toPhoneNumberForm methods. Student class sets up bounds for a student which is a person with constructors, set, get, toString, compareTo, and equals methods. University class sets up bounds for a university object with constructors, set, get, toString, equals, and toPhoneNumberForm methods. 

Main program, universityAndStudents, uses the StudentFile-1.txt and Universities9-1.txt, which are comma separated files conatining the relevant data for declaring and initializing both the student and university objects, to populate two ArrayList data structures with student and university objects. A Scanner object is used to parse through the text files, cutting the important data into substrings based on the position of the commas in the file. A for loop is used to repeatly take in the data on each line of the text file, after a full line is read, the associated object is declared, initialized, and appended to its associated ArrayList. After the two ArrayLists are populated, the creation of the UniversitiesAndStudentsOutput text file begins. To facilitate the creation of this text file, we use the FileOutputStream & PrintWriter objects. The text file is sorted by university, and for each student at the same university, we calculate their tuition, late fees, health care, food plan, and incident fees. Once the calculation are finished, we sum up the total cost and final write students information to UniversitiesAndStudentsOutput text file. See file in Output folder for final results.  
